# Overview

This folder contains output files generated by the Mobile Security Framework (MobSF), a tool for analysing mobile applications. The output was generated using the [MobSF Docker container](https://hub.docker.com/r/opensecurity/mobile-security-framework-mobsf/). For each app, two PDF reports are provided: the Android Static Analysis Report and the Scoreboard. These reports correspond to one of the 40 apps analysed in the associated research paper, which includes both sideloaded apps and those from the Google Play Store. Additionally, we have included the output files for the installer apps of mSpy and Spy24.

## Android Static Analysis Report

The Android Static Analysis Report provides detailed information about the app's properties, such as its name, version, and package name. It also includes multiple hashes to verify the APK file's integrity. A security score is calculated based on the severity and number of findings from the analysis. The report offers a breakdown of application permissions and security findings identified through manifest analysis, code analysis, shared library analysis, and other relevant details extracted from the APK files.

## Scoreboard

The Scoreboard PDF offers a visual overview of the generated security scores and other findings.

## Notes

Please note that the results may contain false positives, and the list of identified issues, such as trackers, may not be exhaustive.

The information provided by MobSF is useful for assessing the potential data access and privacy risks associated with the apps and potential security findings. Overlapping data from both static analysis tools can be compared and leveraged to complement one another, providing a more comprehensive assessment.
